# CD305

This repository is for the work done in my SNHU CS 305 Software Security course

Artemis Financial is a financial consulting company that specializes in helping their clients with savings, retirements, investments and insurance accounts. The comapny wants to modernize their operations and has come to Global Rain to create a custom software to help in this regard. It must be completely secure from unauthorized access and hacking attempts, as personal private and financial information will be getting transmitted through the internet for the custom software. In any company, secure software is important, and is even more so when dealing with customer names, addresses, social security numbers, and financial information. Deciding on an encyption cipher was relatively easy in this case, as the most secure encryption available is the one that would be needed for such a task. When your company is all about making use of your client's personal information, those clients' must feel secure that their information will only be accessed by honest people, and only for the intended uses. If a company cannot keep their client's information secure, it will harbor bad feelings towards them and could dry up all business.

When it came to the vulnerability assessment, the static testing was challenging for me. I understood that the list given to me by the assessment was of potential vulnerabilities in the code, but I still have a hard time grasping what exactly that means for the code in question or what I'm supposed to do with it. The best I can come up wiith is to make sure that the dependencies are as up to date as possible, and then to also build in extra encryption where possible to mitigate those issues that can't just be overwritten. To make sure the code and software application were functional and secure, I self-generated safety certificates and built in a checksum to make sure the encryption hash worked as intended. Then, after refactoring the code, I reran the dependency check to make sure I didn't introduce any new vulnerabilities to the program. In the future, when trying to get a position in software development, I may show the vulnerability assessment report or the practices for secure software report to show that, while not a security expert, I do know basic software security.

